crazy Mike sab kaam with an iPad app the
video demo for permanent the new
spreadsheet spreadsheets will never be
the same with this ipad business app
that integrates full touch controls for
creating editing importing and exporting
spreadsheets jumping into the
application we're going to go into the
main area which the app opens up to the
projects tap on the plus sign in the
upper right to start a new project title
it you can add a description as well as
keywords tap on done and you get a big
blank white screen tap on the cubes up
above in the top center there and you
can insert a table for that sheet in
here you see the typical spreadsheet
layout you can move around you can pinch
and pull it out and you can also make it
fullscreen now to edit any cell tap on
the pencil and top Center once you're on
a cell tap on that cell and you can add
whatever you like you can add formulas
you can add numbers text whatever you
want you also have a text button this is
the number pad and there's some specific
controls that make it easier to use in
touch control spreadsheet inputting also
the function area there you can see
there's a lot of function has them all
and you can actually get extra
information about those functions and
full view documentation now as you go on
we can also go to insert images tap on
the sheet there and I'll take you back
to that option you can either import an
image from your camera roll or use the
camera to take an image and add it right
away and images can be resized and moved
around now going back to the sheet view
tap on the top right next to full screen
and you can open up Lua scripting they
have some instructions here notice that
there are some special characters or
keys at the top of the keyboard to
assist you in Lua scripting very helpful
to return to the project area tap on the
button top far left it's currently in
list view I can edit a project and at
the bottom there's a variety of
navigation to open projects export and
edit now this is alternate viewing of my
projects as icons you can also view them
filtered by star in list or icon view
like so always tap on the plus sign to
create a new project now this
application comes with a demo project
which has some very basic functionality
for using a spreadsheet gives you some
sell information formula information
they're now using two fingers above the
spreadsheet swipe to the right quickly
and you'll reveal your undo timeline
swipe to the left above the spreadsheet
you'll reveal your redo timeline tap on
those cells that are pink and you can
tap on ok and it will restore that
timeline into your spreadsheet you can
also import from other applications as
well as emails CSV and xlsx files you
can also export the same the developers
are currently adding a lot of
functionality to this spreadsheet
application that's it for a permanent
the new spreadsheet until next time
crazy mike sancya